Hello, my name is Leah.
Director Chen
Look at this Leah
Temperament is very suitable for watching movies
Hmm, nice and handsome
Smile to your heart
It's a good seedling to polish
I'll give him a call later
Let's go together and go quietly. Hmm.
Mr. Gu
Mr. Gu, these two are Zhang
Chen Kai, Mr. Zhang
Really? How could it be you?
Do you know me?
Of course I do.
Director Zhang's red sorghum bright red lantern hangs high
That's a lot of awards.
And Director Chen's Farewell Concubine
It is the existence of a unique tree and ambition in the history of film.
Especially in the future
You will definitely make more good movies
Leading the progress of our domestic films
Haha, Mr. Lu appealed.
We're here to talk to you this time
Liya signed a contract
That's right, Mr. Lu
Director Chen and Director Zhang saw the interview with Sister Tianjiao
I think Sister Tianjiao is particularly suitable for filming movies
So I want to hold it
That's right, with our strength, energy, ah
What are you playing in this circle?
I don't know whose foot leaks.
I don't know if you two are interested
Come and join my company!
You still have Film and Television Gongsun
In Fujian
Especially when it takes people like you two
This
You two can rest assured.
I will definitely give you the best treatment.
And the creative environment
And I can let you each own 15%